memus. 01

even of iudi'vidual citizenaas to men or measures.
No doubt itis a possible thing ior a very intelli-
gcut end law-abiding people‚ accuetomed to demo
cratis forms of procedure, to stand the etrein to
which the body politic is subjected by these great
contestu for political supremacy. But with a
people just beginning the experiment of demo·
oratic government‚ these periodical convulsione ere
dangerous processes. If they really secured an
expression of tbe populor judgment, and that
judgment could be secured iu no other wey, it
might be necessary to endere thern. But the most
that they give is a mere aggregation ef individual
preferences, uttered in times of great popular ex·
citement, for one or another of different factione
ofprofessioualpolitieiens. They give nothing that
cau be correctly called a judgment of the people.
But this idea that the whole mess of individual
citizens should hare the opportunity, at frequent
or infrequent interrals oi time, to express their
individual approval or disapproval ef the adminis “
tration oi great public effers, rests on o funda·
mentally erroneens theory of democratic govern-
ment. Such a thing is neither 'practiceble nor
desirable. Itis not practicable‚ fer the reason that,
as has already been shown, these frequent general
electione bring into existence such powerful or·

 

