82 DEMOOBA'HO 00me-

control oi some one man or body of men, the best -
fitted to that duty. Iu each body politic, in each
town, city, state, and natica, every subordinate in
tho executivc administration‚ each head oi a de
periment or office, each head oi a pcople's whole
executive administration‚ and each member oi its
popular assembly‚ rnust be at all limes under tho
direct supervisiou and control of some one man or
body of men, the best that can be found for that
purpose, who shall be speciall y charged with that
supervision‚ who shall punish or remove him, not
alter a trial in a criminal coluri, not at the end of
a term of years, not merely for crimes and miscen-
duot, but at any time, ior any reason that may ren·
der his further continuanco in the public service
at that particular timo inconsistent with tho high·
est public iuterests. Public offices are not prop
erty, of which no man should be deprived but by
dne process of law. They are truste, to be held and
used only for lhe interests of tho pcople, which
should bo taken away whenever required by the
people's interests. The interests of the servant
are'not to be weighcd for an instant in opposition
to tho interests of the pcoplo.

What securilies theu can we find for such super-
vision and controll

The principles relating to thess securities‚ as

 

