30 nnnrocnsnno commun.

healthy growth, possibly evento the existence, of
free democratia government.

- Lot us examine the consideratione on which the
principle rests:

1. It is essential in order to secure the free,
heulthy action of the individnel citizen.

It is a belief very widely held by the friends of
,democretie institutione, thet ench mcmber of every
representative popnler assembly should be required
to submit himself nt reasonably short intervals of
time, for a reelection, to the whole body of¹ indi·
vidnul citizens who elected him.

The theory on which this belief rests is thet
therehy each individual citizen has the opportunity,
ut fitting times, to pass judgmentin his own per-
son, upon the conduct of his own representative3
that therehy the individual citizen is gisen an op
portunity to exercise e direct control over the ad·
ministration' of public affairs.

This belief end this theory are, 1 submit, mis
tehen. The experiente of the people of the
United States has now demonstreted that, in the
case of any people of large numbers, any system
¹ of governmcnt under which general electione, ior
the members of the populus representative es·
combussere held ut regular intervels of time,
effectually deprivee the individunl citizen oi his

 

