ω nmsoonanooomnnnrm.

the free will oi a free people. -It was just sacha
body of men as the people of these United States
would ohoose to represent them today,ii its choico
were free, ii it were not split np into faotione, and
barrad from taking free aetion3 ii it wera only so
organined that it oonld form and ntter its own
judgment, and its own will, in the simple natural
method. As to this present point, this point oi
agreement, those men in that eonsention did only
what reasonable men have done in all ages, when
they have come together in an ordinarily reasona

. hle frama oi mind. Ioonoede‚ that,if the whole -

eommunity, by the overpowering pressure of a
continual struggle ior politioal power, is divided
into two great faotione, with each of which the
ehiei artiole oi -faith ie sear and distrnst of the
other, agreement on a common course of aetion
becomes a difficolt, and at times an almost impos·
sitia, thing. If, at the time when that eonsention
met, there had been two great national organiza-
tions‚ who were each year engaged ina struggle
for office, I much doubt if the eonstitntion could
have been framed. Bnt, as to this point, affairs
were then in a comparatively normal condition. v
Some men wished a strong national govemment.
Others iearedit. Individnals had their differenees ’

of opinion, and in spite of those differenoes same

 

