oowonusrora - att

must examine tho defecta of that system, in the
light of the expericnce of the last one hundred
years. It must devise the remedica for those de
fectu. These remedies must be davised on a
careful study of actual working results. The
American people is not fond of political patch-
work. It makes governments and constitutions ,
on broad comprehensive principles, by broad
methodo, not on tho ideas of any one rnan or
class of men, bnt on ¹the judgment of the whole
people. ’ Free publio conference, oi tho whole
people, in a popular connection, is the method
that this people has always used whenever it has
had a great work to do.v

Paper constitutions, framed in popular con·
ventione, bavo-been the means that this people
has used to accomplish constitutional changes at

. each successiva stage of its growth. It began

making paper constitutions with tha first day of
its existence, almost 'before its existence began.
Lesa than three hundred years ago, when wawere
about to begin laying ¹the foundations ot demo
oratic government on this new continent, we gave
to mankind the first example ottho formation ot
a written Constitution for a body politic-by. the
natural process of the free, formal, written assent

of the individuale who ggmposed the body. · Itis

 

