ω Dmooumo domm.

which should choose the public officere. To illue·
trete: suppose the officer to bc choseu werec

President ot the United Stetes. suppose, for

mere arithmeticel convenience, thet the entire
population was fifty milliens, which would give,
undere system of universal menhood suffrage,
about ten milliens of voting citizens. Suppoee
the number of members of the final electorul body
which was to choose the President to be four hun·
dred. Theb would give one member of this final
electoral body to each twenty-five thousand vetere.
Supposo, then, the number of individual voting
citizens in each primerydistrict to be on the ev-
erege two hundred end fifty. Theb would give oue
hundred primnry districts to ecch lerger district
which was to elect oue member of the final electo
rel body. The practicel working of such an elec
tion, then, would be thie: The individnel citizens

in each primery district would meet in one body ’ l

end elect their one representative, the one hun·
dred representatives thue chosen, in eech large dis
trict, would meet in one body, eud elect one mern-
her oi the final electorel body3 the four hundred
members of thet final electorel body would theu
meet in one body, end choose the President.

The grounds ou which th‘e soundness of this
principle rests ere these:

 

