148 nnuoonsmo eovuuuumvv.

must be, somewhere in 'the' body politic, as to each
public servant, some one mansor organized body
oi men, who shall he specially charged with that
supervision end'contr013 that cs to subordinates
in administrative departments, the only man'who
ean properly exorciso that supervision and control
is the subordinate's superior3 that as to the head
oi each people’s saeculive administrando, the only
body of men that can saiely orwiselyexercise
thet snpervieion and control is the popular assem-
bly3 end that asto members oi the popular as
semblies, their supervision and control must also
be left in the assemblie's themselves. .

› I believe that these methods' arenature’s meth-

ods3' eud'that they are the only ones thetcan be
saiely used by any people thathee reached that
point of development where it demands the con·
trol' oi its own affairs. Aa to peoples that have
not yet reached that· pointof grcwth, the consid·
eration cf this problem has for the present only a
speculative interest· It is not with them yet a
question oi practical politice.

-- Το snm up, then,=this branch of our study, the
system here outlined would tend to secure, to each
individual citizen, his one free voice, hisiull
weight‚' and hiswisest action on every public
question. It would tend to secure the most free,

 

