00 mommo (mmm.

sufficient cause, removeble, whenever the whole
people, by its judgment, nttcred in its own pnhlie
meeting, shall so deoree.

Can we seyne much ns thet for any system of
periodicol general electionsl

3. This principle is essentiel in order to secure
good government. Α

In order to secure good government, these popu·
lar ossemblies, oi the large cities, end states, end
of the nation, must be efficient working organice
tions of efficient experienced men. Ι assume,
end believe, that the process oi populep election,
need in its proper form, and for its proper uses,
will give us tlre best men thet can he selected as
the members oi those 'populor assemblies. Bnt
efter these members have been selected, then they
must heve time, end opportunity, to get experi-
ence and treining sor their work. All their sur·
roundings must be such ns to melre esch essemhly

grow into e highly developed working organism,
with ell its members co-opernting vigorously and
harrnonionsly, os few human organizotions heve
thus far done, with nnity oi persons] interest, end

unity of public purpose. On its popular assembly
each people must depend for the wise conduct of
its public affairs. The popular assembly must be

the people's hrain, made of its finest fibro, stendily ¹

 

