- annuemus ῃ ·

rightful politieal power, and *his political frec-
dom.

, This result has already been considered as oue
which is caused necessarily,underauysystem where
tho individual citizens are compelled to act sepa·
rately on public questions, without the orgen of the
popular assembly3 especially where election dis
trista are large, aud large numbers oi citizens ure s
therefore compelled to act separately, without be
ing· organized us a people, iu tha process of so·
called popular election. ·

But the same result comes as necessarily and cer·
tainly from any system of general periodical elec·
tions. -The magnitude, intricacy‚ and permanenoe
of the work oi carrying general electione, in any
large people, with large numbers oi voters, ior the
highest offices in the state, naturally and necessu·
uily'take that wouh out of the hands oi the ordi·
nary citizens, aud put it iuto the hands oi great
organizationsof professionals. Theregularity aud
continuonsness of the work make these organiza-
tions permanent aud poweriul. It becomes prcc-
tically impossible for any man to be elected to any
public office without a nomination'at their hands.
Sooner or later the time comes when the ordinary
citizen finds his politicel functione limited toa
mere choico between the candidates of these pou-⁴

 

