oa nnurocranuo eovnuunmnr.

genizations of skilled professionals, that the mass
of individual citizens become mera puppets. Elec·
tiens fail to give even a collection of individual
judgrnents. It is not a possible thing to devise
au y political system which will enable the whole
body oi citizens (except in the small primauy dis
tricts) to have a direct voice in the administration
oi public affairs. As to all public affairs, other
than the local affairs of the small towns and vil-
lages, the people must always act through repre·
sentatives. The fonction oi the individual citizen
cannot go beyond the having a voice in the selec·
tion oi those representatives. Nothing more than
that is practicable. If the attempt is made to give
κ to each individnal citizen something in the nature
. of a direct voice on messores, by having the citi·
zeus often elect men, the attempt defeats itsslf.
Itis au nnuatural political process. It necessarily
aud certainly increasea the volume oi electiou
work to suclr a degree that electione cease to be
expressions of the popular judgmeut, the people
loson its political freedom and what should bea
democratic government becomes a mere election
machine.

But if it were a possible thing to give to every
individual adirent voice on measures, other than in
the local affairs oi the small primary districts, it

 

